docs(security): Improve authentication docs (#27692)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/security/tls.rst

Java Keystore File for TLS
--------------------------

> Access to the Presto coordinator must be through HTTPS when using Kerberos, LDAP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access to the Presto coordinator must be through HTTPS when using Kerberos, LDAP, 
```

    Enter key password for <presto>
            (RETURN if same as keystore password):

.. note::

>     Please use ``localhost`` as the Common Name if you are generating a self-signed certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use ``localhost`` as the Common Name if you are generating a self-signed certificate
```

    for setting up secure client to coordinator communication on your local machine.

> The keystore file generated with above command needs to be configured in ``config.properties``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The keystore file generated with the above command must be configured in ``config.properties``
```
